Before life began, before the world had form, three golden goddesses descended upon the chaotic land of Hyrule. 
They were Din, the Goddess of Power, Nayru, the Goddess of Wisdom, and Farore, the Goddess of Courage.
Din, with her strong flaming arms, cultivated the land to create the earth. 
Nayru poured her wisdom onto the earth to give the spirit of law to the world. 
Farore’s rich soul created all life forms who would uphold the law.
These three great goddesses returned to the heavens, leaving behind the golden sacred Triforce.
The last metroid is in captivity.
The galaxy is at peace...
I first battled the metroids on planet Zebes.
It was there that I foiled the plans the Space Pirate leader Mother Brain to use the creatures to attack galactic civilization...
I next fought the metroids on their homeworld, SR388.  
I completedly eradicated them except for a larva, which after hatching followed me like a confused child.
I personally delivered it to the galactic research station at Ceres so scientists could study its energy producing qualities...
Their findings were astounding! 
They discovered that the powers of the metroid might be harnessed for the good of civilization.
Satisfied that all was well, I left the station to seek a new bounty to hunt.
But I had hardly gone beyond the asteroid belt when I picked up a distress signal.
Ceres station was under attack!
Warning!
X is the first of a new generation of robots which contain an innovating new feature - the ability to think, feel, and make their own decisions.
However, this ability could be very dangerous.
If X were to break the first rule of robotics, "a robot must never harm a human being", the results would be disastrous.
I fear no force on earth could stop him.
Approximately 30 years will be requried before we can safely confirm his reliability.  
Unfortunately I will not live to see that day, nor do I have anyone to carry on my work.
Therefore, I have decied to seal him in this capsule, which will test his internal systems until his reliability has been confirmed.
Please do not disturb the capsule until that time.
X possesses great risks as well as great possibilities.  
I can only hope for the best.
September 10, 20XX
-T. Light
Hello there!
Welcome to the world of pokemon!
My name is Oak!  
People call me the pokemon prof!
This world is inhabited by creatures called pokemon.  
For some people, pokemon are pets. 
Others use them for fights. 
Myself... I study pokemon as a profession.  
Your very own pokemon legend is about to unfold!  
A world of dreams and adventures with pokemon awaits!
Let's go!